This decision, this is the thought we created,
Even if you die in this section, I won't kill you.
This decision, this does not reduce taxes,
Don't worry about death.
This is what I have left for you, and what I have left for you,
Hahahaha, so cool,
Do you want to think that you actually calculated it from the beginning?
How could Lao Litou die if it wasn't because of him?
How could I become the parents I am now?
What do you mean? That’s not what I am like either.
You are indeed our risk reaction,
But there are nine members of the family in Laoli.
Everything is destined for you, and I am living now,
People are not humans, ghosts are not ghosts,
No support for them
Isn't that enough? Take him away
I will never come to you
Don't dare to rebel against me
If you don’t leave, I’ll give you pain. Thanks to Yu Jun and Chen Xue, let’s go.
I'll take you home, Chen Xue
You know what your grandfather said?
weird thanks to
How did it come about?